Progress Report

The point of our program is to define and run code that will be able to help a zoo organize their information
and be able to see the profits and costs of running the zoo. They should be able to set a realistic budget and
cut down on costs or maybe have areas to spend money on. 

Currently, we do not have much, just some basic classes. We have not had that much time to work on it, but we
will definitely be adding more code and increasing the complexity. We just decided to at least have the basics
down before we progress any further. We were thinking of having an employee/worker main method of sorts that 
would update values in the zoo as the way for the code to function. Since restaurants and gift shops are similar
in structure, we are going to have some abstract class that these shops extend, we might add different types of shops,
but for now these are the most important to have functioning. For tickets, it was really basic, just based on age
which affects their price. And for the animals section of the zoo, the most important aspects to focus on right now are
the food costs based on the type and number of animal. We are going to start basic for that as we don't have
a set idea of how big and difficult this could be, but I am certain that it will be comprehensive enough for a regular
zoo to have an idea of animal costs.

We are planning to implement a GUI of course, we haven't really talked much on how to go about it, but we will
definitely work on that soon after the basics are down. No one really has much experience in making one, that is 
why we put it off, but I am confident we will be able to implement a GUI by the time we present. So, a GUI is the main
focus for future implementation and I think will be the most complex in achieving. 

Members: Jeffrey Herrera
         Benjamin Buchanan 
         Mahesh Ramchandani 
         Romel Munoz-Valencia


11/17/19 - Benjamin Buchanan
 I have made code for the base of the restaurant side of the zoo. I was just thinking that maybe this *could* be a program where it's not specific to one zoo, but rather for CREATING  a zoo's interface. If that makes sense and if we haven't already thought of that lol
Update #2: Just added a basic GUI for implementation


11/17/19 - Mahesh Ramchandani
I added the tickets machine project file underneath the projects tab. I think that your idea for creating a zoo's interface is similar to what we're doing right now - just a basic template for a zoo to use for managing their operations. Can you explain further what differences you meant?

11/17/19 - Romel Munoz
Skeleton code for Zoo Gift Shop inventory control. Can be accessed from GiftShopEmp (gift shop employee) object. Next step from this branch will be finalizing purchases. This will include updating Inventory, clearing basket, and managing tender amounts and types. Also in the horizon, FileStream I/O functinalities for permanent inventory control from a .txt file.
